doc/whats_new/v0.8.rst, before:

.. include:: _contributors.rst

.. currentmodule:: skopt

.. _changes_0_8:

Version 0.8.0
=============
**September 2020**

:mod:`skopt.Optimizer`
----------------------
- |Enhancement| n_jobs support was added to Optimizer and
  fixed for forest_minimize
  :pr:`884` by :user:`Holger Nahrstaedt <holgern>`
  based on :pr:`627` by :user:`JPN <jonathanng>`

:mod:`skopt.plots`
------------------
- |Enhancement| Allow dimension selection for plot_objective
  and plot_evaluations and add plot_histogram and plot_objective_2D.
  Plot code has been refactored.
  :pr:`848` by :user:`Holger Nahrstaedt <holgern>`
  based on :pr:`579` by :user:`Hvass-Labs <Hvass-Labs>`

:mod:`skopt.sampler`
--------------------
- |MajorFeature| Initial sampling generation
  from latin hypercube, sobol, hammersly and halton
  is possible and can be set in all optimizers
  :pr:`835` by :user:`Holger Nahrstaedt <holgern>`
- |Enhancement| Improve sampler and add grid sampler
  :pr:`851` by :user:`Holger Nahrstaedt <holgern>`

:mod:`skopt.searchcv`
---------------------
- |Fix| Fix library for scikit-learn >= 0.23.
  numpy MaskArray is replaced by numpy.ma.array.
  y_normalize=False has been added and initial runs
  has been increased.
  :pr: `939` by :user:`Lucas Plagwitz <lucasplagwitz>`

:mod:`skopt.space`
------------------
- |Fix| Fix Integer transform and inverse_transform for normalize
  :pr:`880` by :user:`Holger Nahrstaedt <holgern>`
- |Enhancement| Add `is_constant`  property to dimension and
  `n_constant_dimensions` property to Space
  :pr:`883` by :user:`Holger Nahrstaedt <holgern>`
- |Enhancement| Skip constant dimensions for plot_objective and
  plot_evaluations
  to allow plots using BayesSearchCV
  :pr:`888` by :user:`Holger Nahrstaedt <holgern>`

:mod:`skopt.utils`
------------------
- |Fix| Fix Optimizer for full categorical spaces
  :pr:`874` by :user:`Holger Nahrstaedt <holgern>`

Miscellaneous
-------------
- Improve circle ci
  :pr:`852` by :user:`Holger Nahrstaedt <holgern>`
- Add project toml and adapt minimal numpy, scipy, pyyaml and
  joblib version in setup.py
  :pr:`850` by :user:`Holger Nahrstaedt <holgern>`

Commit message:

Fixes GaussianProcessRegressor for sklearn >= 0.23
Fixes changed introduced by https://github.com/scikit-learn/scikit-learn/pull/15782/files

doc/whats_new/v0.8.rst, after:

.. include:: _contributors.rst

.. currentmodule:: skopt

.. _changes_0_8:

Version 0.8.1
=============
**September 2020**

- |Fix| GaussianProcessRegressor on sklearn 0.23 normalizes the
  variance to 1, which needs to reverted on predict.

Version 0.8.0
=============
**September 2020**

:mod:`skopt.Optimizer`
----------------------
- |Enhancement| n_jobs support was added to Optimizer and
  fixed for forest_minimize
  :pr:`884` by :user:`Holger Nahrstaedt <holgern>`
  based on :pr:`627` by :user:`JPN <jonathanng>`

:mod:`skopt.plots`
------------------
- |Enhancement| Allow dimension selection for plot_objective
  and plot_evaluations and add plot_histogram and plot_objective_2D.
  Plot code has been refactored.
  :pr:`848` by :user:`Holger Nahrstaedt <holgern>`
  based on :pr:`579` by :user:`Hvass-Labs <Hvass-Labs>`

:mod:`skopt.sampler`
--------------------
- |MajorFeature| Initial sampling generation
  from latin hypercube, sobol, hammersly and halton
  is possible and can be set in all optimizers
  :pr:`835` by :user:`Holger Nahrstaedt <holgern>`
- |Enhancement| Improve sampler and add grid sampler
  :pr:`851` by :user:`Holger Nahrstaedt <holgern>`

:mod:`skopt.searchcv`
---------------------
- |Fix| Fix library for scikit-learn >= 0.23.
  numpy MaskArray is replaced by numpy.ma.array.
  y_normalize=False has been added and initial runs
  has been increased.
  :pr: `939` by :user:`Lucas Plagwitz <lucasplagwitz>`

:mod:`skopt.space`
------------------
- |Fix| Fix Integer transform and inverse_transform for normalize
  :pr:`880` by :user:`Holger Nahrstaedt <holgern>`
- |Enhancement| Add `is_constant`  property to dimension and
  `n_constant_dimensions` property to Space
  :pr:`883` by :user:`Holger Nahrstaedt <holgern>`
- |Enhancement| Skip constant dimensions for plot_objective and
  plot_evaluations
  to allow plots using BayesSearchCV
  :pr:`888` by :user:`Holger Nahrstaedt <holgern>`

:mod:`skopt.utils`
------------------
- |Fix| Fix Optimizer for full categorical spaces
  :pr:`874` by :user:`Holger Nahrstaedt <holgern>`

Miscellaneous
-------------
- Improve circle ci
  :pr:`852` by :user:`Holger Nahrstaedt <holgern>`
- Add project toml and adapt minimal numpy, scipy, pyyaml and
  joblib version in setup.py
  :pr:`850` by :user:`Holger Nahrstaedt <holgern>`
